- [Frank] There are very few applications in the world today
that don't have some aspect of data access.
In fact, I might even argue
that out of all of the common constructs
for application developers today,
data access is shared by the majority of developers.
In the Java world, JDBC is the most common technology
for accessing relational database
from a relational database management system, or RDBMS.
The modern RDBMS can span from the embedded in-memory type
to the traditional large deployment on big iron hardware,
leveraging custom components and disks.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley.
I'm a software developer, architect, and technologist
who has spent a significant amount of my career
using JDBC to access data for my applications.
In this course, I will show you the power of JDBC
while focusing on best practices.
With JDBC in the Java world,
we can get data into and out of any application
on any platform using any relational database.